The wedding is in three days
Did you make a mistake in three days?
Grandpa, what era is this?
You still play divorce with me
Anyway, our family
Who wants to call who
Are you trying to piss me off?
Grandpa Sun, please calm down first.
I know you have a good relationship with my grandfather
I want our two families to kiss and kiss
But I also have self-knowledge.
I don't think I deserve your nonsense.
I don't think he deserves you yet
Grandpa, am I still your biological granddaughter?
If you want to get married, I will recognize you as my own grandson.
I'll tell you what.
If it weren't for Knife's grandfather saving me
I'm long gone
Neither you damn girl
So you have to get married too
You have to end it
I grew up saying that these ears are stretched out
Oops, I'm having a heart attack again, oops.
Ouch my heart
My heart is no good
Okay, okay.
Can't I cut it off?
Same no power
I'm pissed off.
Are you angry?
Then go quickly
You two hurry up and go get Xu Gou here
Oops, go, go, go
You deserve to marry me
I will definitely let you take the initiative to break off the marriage.